I heard you broke up with Brad.
Who are you gonna date?
Now that you can date anyone.
I don't know.
I mean, obviously if someone special comes along.
But I mean really special.
Like, nothing I've even remotely considered in the past.
Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit, holy shit.
I want that kind of love, like that docking kind of love.
Oh, yeah.
Like, penis in the foreskin kind of love.
Just like warm, just like...
Everybody fuck off, Morty. I need your help.
We need to go on a quick adventure.
You said I could go to school today.
That was before I needed something, Morty.
There's a plasma shard in the Abadongo cluster.
A princess has it.
If I get it, I'll be awesome.
We've been going nonstop, Rick.
It's not healthy.
You know, these are my teenage years.
I just found out Jessica's single.
Oh, that's wow, Morty. Wow.
What a great idea.
I'm gonna go get a little bit of a drink.
Oh, that's wow, Morty. Wow.
What an exciting life you lead.
Let's go. In and out. 20 minutes adventure.
They're on our tail, Morty!
Five seatons!
Steady, goddammit! Two seatons!
Fire!
Hold up, Morty! Hold up!
Fuck.
Fuck!
I can't fucking do this anymore!
That was seriously fucked up.
We almost died.
So you agree?
Fuck yes! This was insane!
That was pure luck.
I was not in control of that situation at all.
Look at this, Morty.
Fucking hand. Look at this shit.
Why do you keep doing this, Todd?
I don't know, Morty. Maybe I hate myself.
Maybe I think I deserve to die. I don't know.
We need a vacation.
You sure are vanilla bads.
Do you want everything back?
What exactly is the truth?
You were right. Best day spa in the galaxy.
It's not even cruel either. These things are just doing what they do in the wild. They
love swallowing stressed out creatures for 20 minutes and then puking them up.
My whole body's like a baby's ass.
Complementary psychological detox removes all your cognitive toxins, purifies your system.
Whoa, this guy in commission or something?
I don't think... are you on commission?
We're not like commission. We're paid by the hour.
There's no incentive really though.
Oh my god, okay, listen. We'll try the machine, but I'd like you to try something.
Try swallowing the giant ball of snot that's dangling around in the back of your throat.
It's disgusting. Nobody wants to hear that.
That's what you do.
Okay Rick, come on. Enough!
Man, did you hear me bite that guy's head off?
Geez, I really need to chill.
Maybe you should go through twice.
Alright, Mr. Comedy Man. You don't have to bust my balls. You're not helping things.
Rick, is this thing supposed to be making this thing...
Morty!
Rick?
What happened?
We blew up, idiot. Are you really that stupid? Obviously the guy I yelled at overloaded the
machine. It takes more than that to kill Rick and Morty, motherfucker!
But this might do it. Run, Morty!
Everything works!
It's because you're worthless! Jesus, how big was this explosion? I'm a genius. I don't have time for this shit.
We're in hell, aren't we, Rick?
You're so stupid, Morty. You're an idiot. There's no such thing as hell.
I believe you, but I just want to die.
You can die when I say so. I control you. I control the universe. Why am I bragging about that?
I have nothing to prove. I'm surrounded by inferior pieces of shit and...
Toxins. We're not in hell, Morty. We're in the detoxifier. The machine didn't blow up. It worked normally.
It removed our toxins. Where are the toxins? Are you listening, you stupid little garbage person? We're what God removed!
I hope you both found that detox sufficiently relaxing.
Hey, man, listen. Those comments I made about your throat...
It's all good.
It's nice of you to let me off the hook. It's still unacceptable behavior, and I do regret it.
Believe me, man. I've been working here a long time. I get it.
Hey, uh, you mind if I put on some music?
Not at all.
What is that?
I just hit shuffle.
Are you kidding? This universe...
Oh, excuse me.
We should listen to one random song a day, you know?
We ended up hearing more songs we didn't like, but we'd discover a lot more that we did.
That is an interesting concept, you know?
It makes me wonder if there's an algorithmic expression that could achieve the ideal ratio.
Listen to me. Trying to calculate happiness over here.
If anyone could, Rick...
Here's something no science could measure. I'm real proud to be your grandpa, Morty.
Thanks, Rick. I love you.
Yeah, motherfucker, yeah, get it! Get some!
Run up your fucking bitch-ass, you fuck!
Guess who just discovered a new element?
You think you could do that, Morty? You think anyone but me could do that ever in a billion years?
Do you think if God existed, He could do it?
The answer is no. If God exists, it's fucking me!
Yes, Rick. I agree, Rick.
While you were flapping your parasitic turd holster, I discovered the toxic equivalent of electricity, Morty.
What do you think about that?
I think my voice is annoying.
It is, and it's your best quality.
So true.
Now, who can tell me the kind of denominator of these two fractions?
You don't know, or you're just bored.
Hey, listen, you know, if we're all bored over here, wouldn't the common denominator be you?
Damn, Morty, that's hilarious.
Normally, I would come down on any kind of disruption, but it seems to represent a positive change for your character.
Class dismissed!
Awesome, Morty.
You done good, Morty.
Thanks for the advice, Morty.
You got it.
I did it, Morty.
I knew you could.
Hey, Morty, remember yesterday when I couldn't play the trombone?
Well, check this out.
Just like I told you, Mitch, the music was in your heart the whole time.
Stupid hat.
Wish I had the courage to just be myself.
There you are.
You might have all these idiots fooled, but I know you're still the same pathetic loser hiding behind a confident facade.
I know that because I'm doing the same thing, brother.
I'm not alone anymore!
Hey, Morty.
Word around school is you've become super healthy.
I don't know about all that.
I do, however, know that I have a pretty bad case of having to take you to dinneritis.
Might be fatal.
Hey, kids.
I hope I'm not interrupting.
Morty, a moment of your time.
Happy to help, Rick.
I hate to bug you with this, but after our morning hike, I started receiving very faint, highly unusual transmissions on my sub-guitar phone.
Listen.
It's a bad phone.
Chuck it.
I downgraded to a clamshell for emergencies only.
You know, if-if-if something's worth saying, it's worth eye contact.
Uh, I-I traced the source of the call.
Back to the spa we went to, Morty.
I thought I could hear a voice in there, so I enhanced it.
And-and listen.
Hey, asshole!
Oh, man!
Remember us?
We're in a late confrontation!
You fucked us, you piece of garbage!
That's right.
You're a fucking garbage, not us.
I'm a fucking genius and a god.
You really think this thing can hold me?
I'm not for the intro!
Morty, what if the toxic parts of us have their own identities, their own will to live?
What if mine shares my intelligence and devised a way to reach out to us?
Sounds like he's in a lot of pain.
Lot of pain.
But you know, you shouldn't have to deal with that, man.
You know, let's work off your trauma with some urban spin yoga.
It's amazing.
You do yoga on a bike, but you have an at-risk preteen.
I don't think I can just blow this off, Morty.
If I had known it worked this way, I wouldn't have detoxed.
Well, I would have, because I was toxic.
Now I'm detoxed and I'm accountable to my toxins, right?
It's a dilemma.
I think I know what to do.
Morty!
You know, the only problem here is a big fat brain that misses eating all them big fat problems.
Focus on the good things.
Trust me, things are good.
Taking that away from me?
That wouldn't be healthy.
Oh, man.
World's greatest grandpa, for reals.
It's not just a coffee cup for you, bud.
You're legit.
I love drums.
I never took drum lessons.
Why? Limitations.
We are addicted to our own limitations.
How amazing is that?
Is the kale prepared in the kitchen?
I'll have a water.
Uh, how is the crude ice?
Crude, it's a cup of carrot sticks.
It's okay.
Pronounce it however you want.
Words are just things.
Please thank you.
We're having a conversation.
God, I am so excited to finally have dinner with you.
You know how long I've been waiting for this?
It's like, whoa!
I wish you'd shut up, though.
Just kidding.
You know, you're so quiet.
What's wrong?
What do you tell me about yourself?
What's the atmosphere like on planet Jessica?
Where's the equator?
What are the vacations and the holidays?
I mean, you know, are they at the same time?
Talk to me.
Well, I like this restaurant.
Holy shit!
We have a moron over here.
I'm an idiot.
I can't believe I haven't thought of this.
You have to do this detox thing I did.
It's at an alien spa.
You go through it.
Push!
Lasers.
Boing, boing, boing.
Sucks everything out.
Everything that was holding me back.
Everything bad.
I mean, it just...
Right?
Cool.
Oh, my God.
I can't believe this.
Yeah, phones are awful.
I downgraded to...
I totally forgot.
My...
I have a thing and...
Things are good?
You know what?
Why am I doing that?
That's more rude than the truth.
Look, I'm sorry, Morty.
I just don't think...
Do not even.
You have no need to explain.
It's all good.
I think you'd get bored with me.
Exactly.
Look, the sparks aren't flying.
This is what dating is for, you know?
First date, no sparks.
No dating.
No damage, no worries.
Life is a highway.
We're going to ride it all night long.
We're going to eat some crude eye.
Is this organic?
All right.
You know, the evening continues.
Okay, here we go.
Ma'am, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
Your money's no good here.
I'll get the next round, sir.
Aren't you a child?
Only in the ways that matter.
Morty.
Stacy.
I've been watching you drink, Stacy.
I get the feeling you've got a hard job.
I wonder what it takes to please you.
That's the job I want.
Part-time, full-time.
I want to be good at it, bad at it.
I want to get promoted, fired, corner office,
hostile takeover, workplace accident.
I'm on my knees, Stacy.
Praying, worshiping, begging, whatever you want.
What do you think about that?
Okay.
Fuck it.
Tink.
Let's ask my grandpa.
He's a scientist.
Hey, Rick.
Are you familiar with Benoit technology?
Morty, great news.
I went back to the spa and they let me purchase the containment unit from their detoxifier.
Why?
Because we're coming home, bitch.
What is this?
This is the parts of your pussy, grandpa.
They keep it real.
Oh, oh, and I think you dropped something, too.
You don't want to be on camera.
I'm ugly and gross, please.
Should I go?
You're your own person, Stacy.
Then I'd like to stay.
Rick, please tell me you're not trying to put that stuff back inside of us.
Morty, I'm sorry.
That stuff is alive and it belongs with us.
We yank them from their homes and lock them in a can.
Motherfucker!
See, they're living in pain.
That's what they do, Rick.
They live in pain.
They are pain, you know?
They're all the bad parts of us, which, by the way, includes our dishonesty.
So how do you know this is an awesome, sort of crazy trick?
Oh, so now because I'm made entirely of toxins, I'm also a liar?
Fuck you, you little sociopath!
Do you hear this, Morty?
Everybody hates me.
I can tell you all hate me.
All right, shut up, Morty.
Healthy Rick, are we doing this or what?
Yep.
Sorry, Morty.
I need you to step into the booth.
Don't negotiate with that little turd, dummy.
You're the Rick.
You need to show dominance.
Morty, booth.
Now, booth.
Come on, Morty.
Don't touch me.
Morty, do the healthy thing and voluntarily re-toxify yourself.
No!
Is it wrong if I think this is kind of hot?
Get me out of here!
Stay here!
Help!
Open the door!
I need to hear our safe word, Morty.
CQ cover!
I'll do anything for you, Morty.
It worked!
Yes, that idiot believed every word.
Now let's see how he enjoys living in that shit tank.
He's right behind me, isn't he?
He's in front of you.
Oh, my eyes are still adjusting.
Uh, is this like a sex dungeon?
I guess I should have been paying attention.
After 70 years of being bottled up and sent a sentimental jackass, I finally get to live
my own life.
You said we were merging.
I lied, dumbass!
I lie about everything!
Why would I ever re-merge with a pussy like you?
So you were just gonna trap us in that tank?
That was your plan?
Not was, motherfucker.
Still is.
Oh!
Kill him real like this!
This is scary!
Great.
You asked for it.
Did I ask for this?
Huh?
Did I?
Assessing threat to groin.
Groin system 6000!
Kill him!
That is my groin's user.
Believe me, I got a lot more use out of that thing than he ever did.
You know what?
Not my table.
What the hell, Grandpa Rich?
Fuck you, sir!
Okay, okay, take it easy.
Don't do it.
I love you, good boy.
Daddy's little boy.
Summer, get out of here!
Go!
Oh!
I'm gonna get you!
Here you go!
You can.
I'm gonna get a nut!
Oh!
Who's that?
Who...
Who's that over there?
Oh, no!
You see that, Batman, in front of you?
You're a good little boy.
You're gonna get him!
God!
Argh!
Son of a...
Freeze.
Argh!
I
Did it Rick I got the tank I'm a piece of shit, but I got the tank you're going in that tank motherfucker
You're gonna live in that toxic shit wasteland like I had to do
Okay, just just leave her out of it what's going on all right fuck this time for plan B if I can't trap you in a toxic world
I'll just make the whole world toxic
It's okay girls
I'm so sorry I put us in danger with some of my behavior if you'd like I can go out in the garden
Pick some fresh basil and make us a nice scallopini
What did the booker version of you mean when he said he was going to make the whole world toxic?
Believe me sweetie that man's motivations are a mystery screw that Rick we got to stop them
What's the last thing you'd think about doing with that tank thing?
Morty I appreciate what you're trying to do, but it's not our place
You know to pick and choose which world gets saved from what apocalypse our toxins have as much a right
To their worldview is Morty. How is it healthy to slap me?
Obviously my version of health is a hell of a lot different from yours you useless old turd wait
That's it. How could that detox machine know the difference between healthy and sick for everything that goes through it?
It can't it must be by the individual's own definition of toxicity that means
The hell explain on the way this moon tower Morty is the perfect height and metallic composition for the
Amplification of beaming of toxic energies. What do you think about that Morty? Are you excited about that Morty?
Oh, man, I'm just freaked out. It's too high up here. Let's I flip this switch the entire world
It's gonna be just as toxic as us, baby
As we praise our loving father
We made them up for money
I
Did it Morty put your fucking hands in the air. Yeah, you little piece of shit
Remember me didn't you learn last time that you can't beat me? Yeah, I did and then I learned something else this
That bullet is laced with an encrypted nanobot a virus that will disintegrate your Morty in about 20 minutes
Think I'd give a shit. I know you give a shit dummy because I know I don't here's another thing
I know the decryption key that neutralizes the virus you want it come and get it merge with me
And you'll know how to save them come on man
I've been trapped in your pussy brain for 70 years of delusions, but this is the all-time
Weakest bluff that I've ever
What is your problem? Oh, I had all my problems removed my entitlement my narcissism my crippling loneliness my irrational
Attachments they must be somewhere they ain't over here, bro. I'm not going back in there honestly
I don't care either way
I hate having you in me and when I say honestly you can believe it because we both know I'm too healthy to lie watch
Right knock it off. You're not impressing anyone Morty not that I give a shit, but are you okay?
Relax quit your bitching you're gonna be fine grandpa's here. You think that's funny
You gotta have a sense of humor about these things. Oh wait, you can't you're literally incapable of seeing the bigger picture
I guess it's just funny because you've never done anything but complain about me being in charge
But if I ever gave you the wheel we'd be dead in five minutes Rick you poor dumb sick animal
Just do it just do it you pizza
Come back baby regular Rick master of both worlds check it out
Excuse me now. We'll just reverse this hacky toxicity beam and I really overthink shit when I'm angry
God is not a lie
Ha all right Morty now it's time we re-merge your little
That kid is a real piece of shit
You're gonna save me right part of me wanted to talk to Morty
really wanted to
Telling you these shares are hot. Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. It's definitely a good idea
Wait wait wait I get it now. Can you get me? Have I ever lied to you?
That's right and ask around. I never do Dwayne. Let me put this real simple
This stock is a beautiful redhead recently single not looking at date
But ready to fall in love and fate has put her locker two down from years to Wayne two lockers down
So step up or step off to Wayne blue pill or red pill. What will it be bro?
Totally understand Dwayne you're the boss
Heineholds biotech million and a half at 33
You little fucking monster
Mmm, is this organic mmm
Go for Morty
How long it takes for Rick to trace my location
You miss the old me you miss someone that loved you so much you never had to love them back
I don't want to because I'm not sick ex-girlfriend should I be jealous there's nothing to be jealous of I
Just realized that I'm scheduled to speak at that fundraiser on our date night. I can cancel we'll be together
That's a date. You are the perfect man. Oh
Sweetie, I think you hit the wrong button. You didn't hang up. Huh?
How about that?
I
Sorry tiny American psycho time to take the opposite of your medicine do what you got to do
So how do you feel Morty? Oh jeez? I'm miserable my good or what I guess it's worth it though to know how much you care care
Me Morty, I'm fine with you. I only did this for him lying bitch
She kept coming to our house Morty and asking me did you get a new Morty yet?
Because you kept drunk dialing me and crying about it. I wasn't crying
Jacqueline I
Wasn't who I said I was you weren't a 14 year old boy from the Midwest who ran away from his family and capitalized on his lack of
Conscience by becoming a stock broker. Oh, I guess I was pretty upfront about that wasn't I you're upfront about everything
You are my soulmate
well
No, not anymore. I'll um you can keep the apartment and and and the drones you can't keep the drones
They turn into a little Voltron robot. They're awesome
You can't keep the drones
How is your date with Brad? It wasn't a date. We were just having lunch you guys are getting back together
Aren't you Morty? I need your help on an adventure that need is a strong word. We need door stops, but a brick would work, too, okay?
I
Good to have you back
Have you ever been peed on before? Oh my god, yum
Did you ever want to hold the Terry fold I got one right here
Grab my Terry flap squeeze it
Grab it squeeze and talk on my Terry flap
I want to take you to the Terry
Want to come with me you can grab my holy folds
Squeeze them tight you son of a bitch
My Terry flaps in your mouth suck my flaps you piece of shit
Although only a handful of moon towers remain today
They were popular in the late 19th century an entire town could be illuminated by
Oh
Did you get any of that